[Autogenerated] When we create state machines,
we have the option to choose the type.
This type can either be standard or express.
This does not affect the way we be our work flows.
We're still going to use Amazon states language and have
the same states as we normally have.
When we build our work flows,
a type of workflow is tightly coupled with what you want to use it for.
If we're going to run long running durable work flows,
we need to juice standard work throes.
They can run for up to a year,
and we can easily retrieve the full execution history for up to 90 days.
They are ideal for slow changing data, for example,
payment processing,
multistep sina processes and other processes that do not run at very high rates.
Express work flows, on the other hand,
are made for high volume event processing scenarios like they die,
ingestion and transformation.
For example, from Io __ devices, they can run for up to five minutes,
and the execution history can only be found in Amazon.
Cloudwatch looks.
They are very good at scenarios where we might want to transform
input and storied in Amazon dynamodb for example,
where the execution rate is very high and execution time is very low.
Let's look at the side by side comparison to put things in perspective,
as I mentioned earlier.
Standard work clothes can run up to a year,
while express work flows can only run upto five minutes.
While the execution rate off a standard workflow is
2000 per second express work.
Those have an execution read or 100,000 per seconds.
Standard work slows hello 4000 state transitions per account,
while express work flows allow nearly unlimited state transitions.
When it comes to pricing, standard work flows are prized for state transition,
so this would count anytime workflow state is changed from one step to another.
Express work flows, on the other hand,
are prized by the number off executions there
duration and the memory they consume.
Unlike standard work, clothes, express work clothes to not support activities.
If we want an activity that runs on an easy to instance,
or on premise that is not going to be supported by express work flows,
this is because of their execution rate and their five minute runtime limit.
A good way to tell which type off work floor you need is to look at the
execution rate and the duration of your work floor.
If you need fast running work close to execute high res,
then you need to go with express work flows.
If you are trying to coordinate a business workflow,
then standard work clothes are what you're looking for.
It's important to keep in mind that the type of
four flow cannot be changed later.
Once we select the time, that's it.
We have to create another work floor with a different type if you want to change the type.